docs: add Core requirements to cluster peering k8s docs (#13569)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/cluster-peering/k8s.mdx

## Prerequisites

> To create and use cluster peering connections with Kubernetes, you need at least two Kubernetes clusters running in a flat network with Consul on Kubernetes v.0.45 or later, and Consul 1.13 Alpha 2 or later. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must implement the following requirements to create and use cluster peering connections with Kubernetes: 
- Consul 1.13 Alpha 2 or later
- At least two Kubernetes clusters 
- The Kubernetes clusters must be running in a flat network 
- The network must be running on Consul on Kubernetes v.0.45 or later 
```
Would this be better as a list?

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of a list
